# WormAudio

WormAudio is a game audio middleware 

It allows adaptive sounds to be designed in a graphical editor and distributed in a format that can be deployed to multiple game engines.

It is in the early stages of development and **not is ready for production use**.

## Features

- Java API
- GDScript API

## Structure

WormAudio consists of a runtime library, a GUI editor and example APIs for Java and GDScript.

## Building

This project consists of multiple parts with different building processes.

### wormaudio

This is currently configured as a static library and will be built automatically by the subprojects that link to it.

This component also optionally generates APIs with SWIG. Add `-DWORMAUDIO_BUILD_SWIG` to enable this.

### wormaudio-java 

This 

This gradle project and does not have a top-level cmake target.

API files generated by SWIG are found in <build_folder>/api and must be copied into src/main/java/com/wormaudio/wormaudio/generated.

Platform-specific shared libraries must be moved together into src/main/resources/native. The current build configuration does not support cross-compilation, so libraries must be compiled on the target operating system and moved into the java project manually.

Build wormaudio with `-DWORMAUDIO_JAVA_PATH=<path_to_wormaudio-java>` to automatically copy the API files and the shared library.

### wormaudio-godot

## Licensing

The majority of this project is dual licensed under AGPLv3 and a custom proprietary license.

This is because the project depends on JUCE, which was a terrible idea. JUCE is dual-licensed under AGPLv3 and the JUCE 8 license. The major consequences of this are as follows:

- AGPLv3 does not allow the software to link to incompatibly licensed code. 
- The right to distribute software built with JUCE under its commercial license is non-transferrable.

### wormaudio: AGPLv3 / All Rights Reserved



### wormaudio-godot: AGPLv3

This module cannot be released under AGPL as it links to Godot and godot-cpp, which are under the MIT license. The alternative JUCE 8 license grants a non-transferrable right to the Owner (me) to distribute JUCE. Since this right is non-transferrable, I am unable to 

This means that the module rrently useless until JUCE is extirpated from the WormAudio runtime.

## Planned Features

### Licensing Goals

I intend to distribute WormAudio under AGPLv3 with dynamic linking exceptions for major game engines such as Unity and Unreal. This will allow FOSS projects to use WormAudio without restriction and for proprietary projects to use it via a custom commercial license. This will be possible when the JUCE dependency is removed from the runtime library.

### Other

- Removal of JUCE from the runtime.
- Configurable transition crossfades.
- Automatic click removal.
- Migrate the editor GUI from JUCE widgets to Qt.
- Automatic compression of sound resources for distribution.
- More stereo imaging algorithms.
- Inline effects (algorithmic reverb, delay, distortion, etc).
- Support speaker configurations other than stereo.
- Move wormaudio-godot and wormaudio-java into separate repositories that can be built independently.